When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
Multiple users(collaboration), multiple work sites/input devices, big project with multiple branches.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Awareness what changes to code being used when pulling versus possibility
being unaware when other users modified and pushed code into repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you
use one instead of another?
Forks are used exclusively on GitHub and are used to make a clone of a
repository( possibly someone else's) to your GitHub space. Clones are copies
brought down from GitHub or other remote http site to local machine. Branches
are made off of repositories for reasons such as testing experimental
changes.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?
To potentially work offline for a while (plane) having latest and greatest
committed changes to work with.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier,
and what would be harder?
Discussing in-person with others changes being made collaboratively. Could
also have shared (lockable) shared file with proposed changes. Easier with
smaller file library and small number of people if in same location and
cooperative with one another. Harder to manager bigger, more spread out
(geographically) users and code base.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly
in master? What benefits does each approach have?
In separate branch when collaborating and might do a pull-request to the other
user(s). Also might use separate when going offline or trying experimental
changes from a working staring point (latest origin-master). 
Can use master when on small project by yourself (no collaboration). This
requires less steps since not colloborating with others and don't need
input when making changes to shared code.






